OBSDOCS-974 - Logging 5.7.13 Release Notes (#75244)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-release-notes-5-7-13.adoc

* Before this update, the {loki-op} did not validate the correctness of the S3 endpoint URL format used in the storage secret. With this update, the S3 endpoint URL goes through a validation step that reflects on the status of the `LokiStack`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5399[LOG-5399])

* Before this update, the {loki-op} did not validate the S3 endpoint used in the storage secret. With this update, the validation process ensures the S3 endpoint is a valid S3 URL, and the `LokiStack` status updates to indicate any invalid URLs. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5393[LOG-5393])

> * Before this update, {loki-op} set up Loki to use path-based style access for AWS S3, which has been deprecated. With this update, it defaults to virtual-host style without users needing to change their configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5403[LOG-5403])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the {loki-op} would set up Loki to use path-based style access for AWS S3, which has been deprecated. With this update, the {loki-op} defaults to virtual-host style without users needing to change their configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-5403[LOG-5403])
```
